Update and simplify the top-level contributor's guide (#575)
ProjectPythia/projectpythia.github.io: portal/contributing.md

and tutorials for iconic packages such as Matplotlib, Cartopy, and
Xarray; on-line courses from universities and other educational
institutions; and Jupyter Notebook galleries assembled and maintained
by a variety of other sites. We encourage the community to
consider submitting your own geoscience education material links
to Project Pythia.

Contributing a new link is easy with these three simple steps:

1. Navigate your web browser to [the Issues tab of the Project Pythia portal repository](https://github.com/ProjectPythia/projectpythia.github.io/issues).
1. Click on the button that says “New issue”.
1. Click on the row labeled “Update resource gallery”, and follow the instructions presented.

Your request will be reviewed, and you
will be notified once your content has been accepted or if changes
are requested.

### Add to or update Pythia Foundations

> [Pythia Foundations](https://foundations.projectpythia.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pythia Foundations](xref:foundations)
```

is a collection of material that the Pythia team believes is essential
knowledge for geoscientists to effectively use the Scientific Python
Ecosystem. The Pythia Foundations content is hosted on a separate
[GitHub repository](https://github.com/ProjectPythia/pythia-foundations),

> and contributors should consult the [Contributing to Foundations](https://foundations.projectpythia.org/appendix/how-to-contribute) guide there for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and contributors should consult the [Contributing to Foundations](xref:foundations/appendix/how-to-contribute) guide there for
```

information specific to Foundations. However, adding or changing
Foundations content requires contributors to be familiar
with a few technologies and workflows, particularly conda and Git. Foundations

> has tutorials on both [conda](https://foundations.projectpythia.org/foundations/conda/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has tutorials on both [conda](xref:foundations/foundations/conda/)
```

> and [Git/GitHub](https://foundations.projectpythia.org/foundations/getting-started-github/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [Git/GitHub](xref:foundations/foundations/getting-started-github/),
```

> including a section on how to specifically [contribute to Project Pythia via GitHub](https://foundations.projectpythia.org/foundations/github/contribute-to-pythia/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including a section on how to specifically [contribute to Project Pythia via GitHub](xref:foundations/foundations/github/contribute-to-pythia/).
```

### Add a new Cookbook to Cookbooks Gallery

The Pythia [Cookbook Gallery](https://cookbooks.projectpythia.org/) is a
collection of "cookbooks" that describe workflows that solve a
specific problem. Typically, a cookbook references material presented

> elsewhere in Project Pythia, such as [Pythia Foundations](https://foundations.projectpythia.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elsewhere in Project Pythia, such as [Pythia Foundations](xref:foundations).
```
